Request response definitions and other clarifications in chapter 5 of API Design Guide (#450)
camaraproject/Commonalities: documentation/CAMARA-API-Design-Guide.md

```

#### 5.3.1. Title
`title` field describes the API shortly. The title shall not include the term "API" in it.

#### 5.3.2. Description
`description`field: There are no special restrictions specified in CAMARA for the documentation explaining API.
[CommonMark syntax](https://spec.commonmark.org/) may be used for rich text representation.

> Images hosted in Github API repository can be embedded in the description, for example:

Reviewer: Well, images NOT in the repository may change at any time. 

```suggestion
It is not recommended to link images outsite of the Github API repository, since changes to these images may be outside of control of repository maintainers. Images should be preferably hosted within the API repository in the matching release branch.

```

#### 5.3.2. Description
`description`field: There are no special restrictions specified in CAMARA for the documentation explaining API.
[CommonMark syntax](https://spec.commonmark.org/) may be used for rich text representation.

> It is not recommended to link images outsite of the Github API repository, since changes to these images may be outside of control of repository maintainers. Images should be preferably hosted within the API repository within the `documentation/API_documentation/resources` folder. Images should be included in the release branch. This ensures, that images can be updated with API releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is not recommended to link images outside of the Github API repository, since changes to these images may be outside of the control of repository maintainers. Images should preferably be hosted within the API repository within the `documentation/API_documentation/resources` folder. Images should be included in the release branch. This ensures that images can be updated with API releases.

```

Author: @Kevsy  corrected in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/450/commits/40b4a84b0dce12e2a6c4a5f48894f6f8dcf37323
